# Topic Classification of UN Speeches

---
This project aims to automatically classify UN speeches by topic using semi-supervised learning techniques. The classification of UN speeches by subject provides valuable insights into the priorities and concerns of different countries and how these priorities and concerns change over time. However, manually classifying thousands of speeches is a time-consuming and expensive task. This project will utilize a dataset of UN General Debate speeches from 1970 to 2016, publicly available on the Harvard Dataverse,
containing over 1.5 million sentences. The dataset covers a wide range of topics, making it a useful resource for this project.

---

Please refer to the project report in this repo for full details.

Two approach have been used in this project. Following is the process for running the code for each approach.

1. Approach 1

Run the Preprocessing.ipynb file

Run the Approach 1.ipynb

2. Approach 2

Run the Approach 2.ipynb

---

Description of each file:

1. Preprocessing.ipynb:

This file cleans the data and generates embeddings for the first approach. It requires the original labelled and unlabelled data to work.
This file generates labelled_cleaned.csv, labelled_embeddings.npy, unlabelled_cleaned.csv and unlabelled_embeddings_2k.npy.

2. Approach 1.ipynb

This file implements the first approach. A prerequisite of this file is the Preprocessing.ipynb. 
This file requires the cleaned data and embeddings generated by Preprocessing.ipynb

3. Approach 2.ipynb

This file implements the second approach. There is no prerequisite for this file. 
